Baidu  Inc. simply known as Baidu and incorporated on January 18, 2000, is a Chinese search engine for websites, audio files, and images. Baidu  offers 57 search and community services including Baidu Baike, an online collaboratively-built encyclopedia, and a searchable keyword-based discussion forum.[4] Baidu  was established in 2000 by co-founders, Robin Li and Eric Xu. Both of the co-founders are Chinese nationals who have studied and worked overseas before returning to China.Baidu.com Inc. is registered in the Cayman Islands. In April 2010, Baidu ranked 7th overall in Alexa's internet rankings.[6] In December 2007, Baidu  became the first Chinese company to be included in the NASDAQ-100 index.[7]Baidu provides an index of over 740 million web pages, 80 million images, and 10 million multimedia files.[8] Baidu  offers multi-media content including MP3 music and movies, and is the first in China  to offer WAP and PDA-based mobile search.The name "Baidu" is a quote from the last line of Xin Qiji's classical poem "Green Jade Table in The Lantern Festival" saying: "Having searched for him hundreds and thousands of times in the crowd, suddenly turning back by chance, I find him there in the dimmest candlelight."The context of the poem is that in ancient China , girls had to stay indoors and the Lantern Festival was one of the few times they could come out. In the sea and chaos of lantern lights, they would sneak away to meet their love and exchange promises to meet again next year.A summary of the entire poem: Flowers bursting into bloom in the sky, stars falling like rain (fireworks/meteor shower), Whole streets filled with perfume, jeweled horses pulling ornate carriages, fish and dragon lanterns dancing throughout the entire night. A body decorated with golden thread and butterfly trinket, laughter that has a subtle fragrance. Having searched for this person until exhaustion, when suddenly turning back by chance, I find him standing lonely in the far end of the street in the waning light.In 1994, Robin Li joined IDD Information Services, a New Jersey division of Dow Jones and Company, where he helped develop a software program for the online edition of the Wall Street Journal. [11] He also did work on better algorithms for search engines. He remained at IDD Information Services from May 1994 to June 1997.In 1996, while at IDD, Li developed the RankDex site-scoring algorithm for search engines results page ranking [12][13][14] and received a US patent for the technology.[15] He later used this technology for the Baidu search engine.Baidu  focuses on generating revenues primarily from online marketing services. Baidu 's Pay for placement (P4P) platform enables its customers to reach users who search for information related to their products or services. Customers use automated online tools to create text-based descriptions of their web pages and bid on keywords that trigger the display of their webpage information and link. Baidu 's P4P platform features an automated online sign-up process that customers use to activate their accounts at any time. The P4P platform is an online marketplace that introduces Internet search users to customers who bid for priority placement in the search results. Baidu  also uses third-party distributors to sell some of its online marketing services to end customers and offers discounts to these distributors in consideration of their services.Baidu  offers certain consultative services, such as keyword suggestions, account management and performance reporting. Baidu  suggests synonyms and associated phrases to use as keywords or text in search listings. These suggestions can improve click-through rates of the customer's listing and increase the likelihood that a user will enter into a transaction with the customer. Baidu  also provides online daily reports of the number of click throughs, clicked keywords and the total costs incurred, as well as statistical reports organized by geographic region.Baidu is the No. 1 search engine in China, controlling 63 percent of China 's market share as of January 2010, according to iResearch.[22] The number of Internet users in China  rose to 338 million by the end of June 2009, according to a report by the China Internet Network Information Center.[23]In an August 2010 Wall Street Journal article,[24] Baidu  has played down its benefit from Google's moving its China  search service to Hong Kong, but Baidu 's share of revenue in China 's search—advertising market grew six percentage points in the second quarter to 70%, according to Beijing based research firm Analysys International.
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd. (ICBC) is the largest bank in the world by market capitalization. It is one of China's 'Big Four' state-owned commercial banks (the other three being the Bank of China , Agricultural Bank of China , and China Construction Bank). It was founded as a limited company on January 1, 1984. As of 2009, it had assets of RMB 11 trillion (US$1.6 trillion), with over 18,000 outlets including 106 overseas branches and agents globally.[4]  This article or section may be slanted towards recent events. Please try to keep recent events in historical perspective. (September 2009) The bank's Hong Kong operations are listed under the name ICBC Asia. It has purchased the Hong Kong subsidiary of Fortis Bank and rebranded it under its own name on 10 October 2005.In the runup to its planned initial public offering, on 28 April 2006, three "strategic investors" injected US$3.7 billion into ICBC.Goldman Sachs purchased a 5.75% stake for US$2.6 billion, the largest sum Goldman Sachs has ever invested.Dresdner Bank (a wholly owned subsidiary of Commerzbank) invested US$1 billion.[6]American Express invested US$200 million.[6]ICBC was simultaneously listed on both the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Shanghai Stock Exchange on 27 October 2006. It was the world's largest IPO at that time valued at US$21.9 billion, surpassing the previous record US$18.4 billion IPO by Japan's NTT DoCoMo in 1998.China's largest commercial bank was also the first company to debut simultaneously on both the Hong Kong and Shanghai stock exchanges.ICBCraised at least US$14 billion in Hong Kong (H-shares) and another US$5.1 billion in Shanghai (A-shares). Due to heavy subscriptions, the greenshoe (i.e. over-allotment) placements were exercised and ICBC's take rose to US$21.9 billion (17% of ICBC's market value before the IPO), divided in US$16 billion in Hong Kong and US$5.9 billion in Shanghai. Following the global offering, the free float of shares was 22.14% of the market capitalization.At the end of its first day of trading, the bank's shares closed up almost 15% at HK$3.52 in Hong Kong, compared with the listing price of HK$3.07, which was set at the top of the indicative range due to the strong demand. According to Bloomberg, ICBC's market capitalisation at the end of trade based on its Hong Kong shares was US$156.3 billion, making its equity the world's fifth highest among banks, just behind JPMorgan Chase. Meanwhile, ICBC's A-shares recorded more modest gains and ended up 5.1% from the offering price of RMB 3.12.In August 2008, ICBC became the second Chinese bank since 1991 to gain federal approval to establish a branch inNew York City.[8]ICBC has 2.5 million corporate customers and 150 million individual customers.[9] In 2005, net profit was up 12.4% to RMB 33.7 billion, and the total loan balance was RMB 3,289.5 billion. Total liabilities are RMB 6,196.2 billion, up 11.2%. Delinquent or non-performing loans (NPL) total RMB 154.4 billion, a significant reduction although the figures are widely regarded as being somewhat higher than officially stated. It has an NPL ratio of 4.69% and a capital adequacy ratio of 9.89%.As of June 29, 2009, ICBC is ranked the 17th largest bank in the world by assets and 8th in the world by tier 1 capital.[10] In July 2007 it was ranked 30th in the world in terms of revenue.At the end of 2004, 19.1% of ICBC's portfolio consisted of non-performing loans.[12] In order to clean up ICBC's balance sheet and prepare it for overseas listing, the Chinese government orchestrated a series of capital injections, asset transfers, and government-subsidised bad loan disposals that eventually cost more than US$162 billion.[13] This included an approval for a cash injection of US$15 billion (financed from China's massive foreign exchange reserves) on 28 April 2005.[14] The Beijing based state company, China Huarong, helped ICBC dispose of its bad loans. As the 2005 annual report records, just under 5% of loans are classified as non-performing, in comparison with the majority of western banks who have lower NPL ratios (US commercial banks around 1%).[15]
Microsoft Corporation is a public multinational corporation headquartered in Redmond, Washington, USA that develops, manufactures, licenses, and supports a wide range of products and services predominantly related to computing through its various product divisions. Established on April 4, 1975 to develop and sell BASIC interpreters for the Altair 8800, Microsoft rose to dominate the home computer operating system (OS) market with MS-DOS in the mid-1980s, followed by the Microsoft Windows line of OSs. Microsoft would also come to dominate the office suite market with Microsoft Office. The company has diversified in recent years into the video game industry with the Xbox and its successor, the Xbox 360 as well as into the consumer electronics market with Zune and the Windows Phone OS. The ensuing rise of stock in the company's 1986 initial public offering (IPO) made an estimated four billionaires and 12,000 millionaires from Microsoft employees.Primarily in the 1990s, critics contend the company used monopolistic business practices and anti-competitive strategies including refusal to deal and tying, put unreasonable restrictions in the use of its software, and used misrepresentative marketing tactics; both the U.S. Department of Justice and European Commission found the company in violation of antitrust laws. Known for its interviewing process with obscure questions, various studies and ratings were generally favorable to Microsoft's diversity within the company as well as its overall environmental impact with the exception of the electronics portion of the business.Paul Allen and Bill Gates (respectively) on October 19, 1981 in a sea of PCs after signing a pivotal contract. IBM called Microsoft in July 1980 inquiring about programming languages for its upcoming PC line after failed negotiations with another company, IBM gave Microsoft a contract to develop the OS for the new line of PCs.Paul Allen and Bill Gates, childhood friends with a passion in computer programming, were seeking to make a successful business utilizing their shared skills. The January 1975 issue of Popular Electronics featured Micro Instrumentation and Telemetry Systems's (MITS ) Altair 8800 microcomputer. Allen noticed that they could program a BASIC interpreter for the device; after a call from Gates claiming to have a working interpreter, MITS requested a demonstration. Since they didn't actually have one, Allen worked on a simulator for the Altair while Gates developed the interpreter. Although they developed the interpreter on a simulator and not the actual device, the interpreter worked flawlessly when they demonstrated the interpreter to MITS  in Albuquerque , New Mexico  in March 1975; MITS  agreed to distribute it, marketing it as Altair BASIC.They officially established Microsoft on April 4, 1975, with Gates as the CEO.In August 1977 the company formed an agreement with ASCII Magazine in Japan , resulting in its first international office.The company moved to a new home in Bellevue , Washington in January 1979.Microsoft entered the OS business in 1980 with its own version of Unix, called Xenix.However, it was DOS (Disk Operating System) that solidified the company's dominance. After negotiations with Digital Research failed, IBM awarded a contract to Microsoft to provide a version of the CP/MOS, which was set to be used in the upcoming IBM Personal Computer. For this deal, Microsoft purchased a CP/M clone called 86-DOS from Seattle Computer Products, branding it as MS-DOS, which IBM rebranded to PC-DOS. Following the release of the IBM PC in August 1981, Microsoft retained ownership of MS-DOS. Since IBM copyrighted the IBM PC BIOS, other companies had to reverse engineer it in order for hardware to run as IBM PC compatibles, but no such restriction applied to the operating systems. Due to various factors, such as MS-DOS's available software selection, Microsoft eventually became the leading PC OS vendor.Paul Allen resigned from Microsoft in February after developing Hodgkin's disease.[9]The sign at a main entrance to the Microsoft corporate campus in Redmond. In May 2005 the campus stretched more than 750,000 m2 (approx. 8 million square feet) and contained over 30,000 employees.While jointly developing a new OS with IBM in 1985, OS/2, Microsoft released Microsoft Windows, a graphical extension for MS-DOS, on November 20.Microsoft moved its headquarters to Redmond on February 26, 1986, and on March 13 the company went public;the ensuing rise in the tock would make an estimated four billionaires and 12,000 millionaires from Microsoft employees.Due to the partnership with IBM, in 1990 the Federal Trade Commission set its eye on Microsoft for possible collusion; it marked the beginning of over a decade of legal clashes with the U.S. Government.Microsoft announced the release of its version of OS/2 to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) on April 2, 1987;meanwhile, the company was at work on a 32-bit OS, Microsoft Windows NT, using ideas from OS/2; it shipped on July 21, 1993 with a new modular kernel and the Win32 application programming interface (API), making porting from 16-bit (MS-DOS-based) Windows easier. Once Microsoft informed IBM of NT, the OS/2 partnership deteriorated.Microsoft introduced its office suitem in 1990. The software bundled separate office productivity applications, such as Microsoft Word and Microsoft Excel.On May 22 Microsoft launched Windows 3.0 with a streamlined user interface graphics and improved protected mode capability for the Intel 386 processor.Both Office and Windows became dominant in their respective areas.Novell, a Word competitor from 1984?1986, filed a lawsuit years later claiming that Microsoft left part of its APIs undocumented in order to gain a competitive advantage.Bill Gates giving his deposition in 1998 for the United States v. Microsoft trial. Once the U.S. Department of Justice 1993 took over from the Federal Trade Commission, a protracted legal wrangling between Microsoft and the department ensued, resulting in various settlements and possible blocked mergers. Microsoft would point to companies such  as AOL-Time Warner in its defense.Following Bill Gates's internal "Internet Tidal Wave memo" on May 26, 1995  Microsoft began to redefine its offerings and expand its product line into computer networking and the World Wide Web. The company released Windows 95 on August 24, 1995, featuring pre-emptive multitasking, a completely new user interface with a  novel start button, and 32-bit compatibility; similar to NT, it provided the Win32 API.Windows 95 came bundled with the online  service MSN, and for OEMs Internet Explorer, a web browser. Internet Explorer was not bundled with the retail Windows 95 boxes  because the boxes were printed before the team finished the web browser, and instead was included in the Windows 95 Plus! pack. Branching out into new markets in 1996, Microsoft and NBC Universal created a new 24/7 cable news station, MSNBC. Microsoft created Windows CE 1.0, a new OS designed for devices with low memory and other constraints, such as personal  digital assistants.In October 1997, the Justice Department filed a motion in the Federal District Court, stating that  Microsoft violated an agreement signed in 1994 and asked the court to stop the bundling of Internet Explorer with Windows.Bill Gates handed over the CEO position on January 13, 2000 to Steve Ballmer , an old college friend of Gates and employee of the company since 1980, creating a new position for himself as Chief Software Architect.Various companies including Microsoft formed the Trusted Computing Platform Alliance in October 1999 to, among other things, increase security and protect intellectual property through identifying changes in hardware and software. Critics decry the alliance as a way enforce indiscriminate restrictions over how consumers use software, and over how computers behave, a form of digital rights management; for example the scenario where a computer is not only secured for its owner, but also secured against its owner as well.On April 3, 2000, a judgment was handed down in the case of United States v. Microsoft,calling the company an "abusive monopoly";[33] it settled with the U.S. Department of Justice in 2004.[12] On October 25, 2001 Microsoft released Windows XP, unifying the mainstream and NT lines under the NT codebase.[34] The company released the Xbox later that year, entering the game console market dominated by Sony  and Nintendo .[35] In March 2004 the European Union brought antitrust legal action against the company, citing it abused its dominance with the Windows OS, resulting in a judgment of ?97 million ($613 million) and to produce new versions of Windows XP without Windows Media Player, Windows XP Home Edition N and Windows XP Professional N.[36][37] CEO Steve Ballmer  at the MIX event in 2008. In an interview about his management style in 2005, he mentioned that his first priority was to get the people he delegates to in order. Ballmer also emphasized the need to continue pursuing new technologies even if initial attempts fail, citing the original attempts with Windows as an example.[38]Released in January 2007, the next version of Windows, Windows Vista, focused on features, security, and a redesigned user interface dubbed Aero.[39][40] Microsoft Office 2007, released at the same time, featured a "Ribbon" user interface which was a significant departure from its predecessors. Relatively strong sales of both titles helped to produce a record profit in 2007.[41] The European Union imposed another fine of ?99 million ($1.4 billion) for Microsoft's lack of compliance with the March 2004 judgment on February 27, 2008, saying that the company charged rivals unreasonable prices for key information about its workgroup and backoffice servers. Microsoft stated that it was in compliance and that "these fines are about the past issues that have been resolved".[42]Bill Gates retired from his role as Chief Software Architect on June 27, 2008 while retaining other positions related to the company in addition to being an advisor for the company on key projects.[43] Azure Services Platform, the company's entry into the cloud computing market for Windows, launched on October 27, 2008.[44] On February 12, 2009, Microsoft announced its intent to open a chain of retail stores, and on October 22, 2009 the first retail Microsoft Store opened in Scottsdale , Arizona ; the same day the first store opened Windows 7 was officially released to the public. Windows 7's focus was on refining Vista with  ease of use features and performance enhancements, rather than a large reworking of Windows.[45][46][47]For the 2010 fiscal year, Microsoft had five product divisions: Windows & Windows Live Division, Server and Tools, Online Services Division, Microsoft Business Division, and Entertainment and Devices Division.Microsoft provides IT consulting ("Microsoft Consulting Services") and produces a set of certification programs handled by the Server and Tools division designed to recognize individuals who have a minimal set of proficiencies in a specific role; this includes developers ("Microsoft Certified Solution Developer"), system/network analysts ("Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer"), trainers ("Microsoft Certified Trainers") and administrators ("Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator" and "Microsoft Certified Database Administrator"). Microsoft Press, which publishes books, is also managed by the division. The Online Services Business division handles the online service MSN and the search engine Bing. As of December 2009, the company also possesses an 18% ownership of the cable news channel MSNBC without any editorial control; however, the division develops the channel's website, msnbc.com, in a joint venture with the channel's co-owner, NBC Universal.[48]
Shanghai Jiao Tong University, is a top public research university located in Shanghai, China. Shanghai Jiao Tong University is known as one of the oldest and most prestigious universities in China. It is also a member of the C9 League in China.Shanghai Jiao Tong also annually produces the respected Academic Ranking of World Universities. In 1896, Nanyang Public School was founded in Shanghai by an imperial edict issued by Guangxu Emperor, under the Business and Telegraphs Office of the imperial government. Four schools were established: the normal school, school of foreign studies, middle school and a high school. Sheng Xuanhuai, the proposer of the edict, became the first president and was regarded as the founder of the university.In 1904, the Ministry of Commerce took over the school, and one year later changed its name to Imperial Polytechnic College of the Commerce Ministry. In 1906, the college was placed under the Ministry of Posts and Telegraphs, and its name was changed to Shanghai Industrial College of the Ministry of Posts and Telegraphs. When the Republic of China was founded, the college was run by the Ministry of Communications and its name was once again changed, this time to Government Institute of Technology of the Communications Ministry. In 1918, the republic government founded the School of Management and it became one of the oldest academic institutes.In 1920, the institute merged with two other colleges and changed its name to Nan Yang College of Chiao Tung. In the 1930s, it was known as the "Eastern MIT"[3] due to its reputation of nurturing top engineers. In 1938, the Ministry of Education took over the university and renamed it National Chiao Tung University. In 1943, the graduate school was founded.After the Chinese Civil War in 1949, the new Communist government adopted a policy of creating Soviet-style specialized schools. Under this policy, some faculties of the university were incorporated into other universities. At the same time, engineering faculties from outside were absorbed to create a specialized engineering university. A bigger rearrangement came in 1956 for the school when the national government decided to send a significant amount of its faculties to Xi'an to help create another top engineering school - Xi'an Jiaotong University in western Chinese province Shaanxi. Afterwards, the school was officially renamed Shanghai Jiao Tong University.Shanghai Second Medical University was merged into Shanghai Jiao Tong University on July 18, 2005, under the name Medical School of Shanghai Jiao Tong University.At present, the university comprises 20 academic schools, two directly affiliated departments and one graduate school. It also has a School of Continuing Education/nt, School of Online Learning, School of International Education, and a Vocational School. There are 60 undergraduate programs, 179 master-degree programs, 6 professional master-degree programs, 22 disciplines and 143 sub-disciplines authorized to confer Ph.D degrees, 23 post-doctorate programs, 22 state key doctorate programs and six state key laboratories and four national engineering centers. Its total enrollment of full-time students amounts over 38,000. There are 19,432 undergraduates, 13,628 candidates for Master's Degree and Doctor's Degree and 2,080 foreign students[4]. The university has more than 1,420 professors and associate professors, including 15 academicians of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, 20 academicians of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, seven chief scientists of the national 973 project and 31 "Cheung Kong Scholars".Since 2003, Shanghai Jiao Tong University has produced the Academic Ranking of World Universities[5] which analyzes the top universities in the world on quality of faculty (40%), research output (40%), quality of education (10%) and performance vs. size (10%).[6] Its ranking is exclusively of research universities, mainly in the empirical sciences.The actual ranking is in the pipeline.The previous main campus was located in Xuhui, Shanghai, formerly a largely Catholic area and a site of several educational institutions.Most buildings on campus were influenced by American architecture, while the main gate, which was built in 1935, is of traditional Chinese style reflecting the University's earlier status as the "Imperial Polytechnic College". The approaches to the main gate were via a series of marble bridges, similar to, although smaller than, those built in front of Tiananmen. However, recent road expansions have demolished the river as well as most of bridges. A copy of this famous gate scene have been built on the east of Minhang campus.The construction of the campus never came to an end in the past century. Existing buildings: the Medium College building(built in 1898), the original library (built in 1919), the gymnasium (built in 1925), the administrative building (built in 1933), the Xinjian building (built in 1953), the new Upper College building (built in 1955), the second teaching building (built in 1960), Bao Zhaolong library (built in 1985) and Haoran high-tech building (built in 1996) were constructed one after another.The university's School of International Education is located here, where a large number of international students take classes throughout the academic year (however, most international students that take degree courses are in Minhang campus). The campus still houses a variety of scientific research institutions, State Key Laboratory of Ocean Engineering,for instance, although most moved to the new campus since 1987.The Minhang campus is located in the Minhang District on the outskirts of metropolitan Shanghai. This young campus, which was founded in 1987, covers 2,822,903m2 once farmland. Zizhu Science Park, where Intel, ST Microelectronics, Microsoft and other high-tech companies put their research and development centers, is to the south of the campus.Currently, most administrative and academic framework of the university and the majority of undergraduate and graduate students have situated in this campus, which is now accompanied by the newly built Minhang Campus of East China Normal University.
Tencent Holdings Limited (SEHK: 700) is a publicly-owned holding company whose subsidiaries provide internet and mobile phone value-added services and operate online advertising services in China .Tencent 's diverse services include social networks, Web portals, e-commerce, and multiplayer online games.[1] It operates the well-known instant messenger Tencent QQ[2][3] and runs one of the largest web portals in China , QQ.com[4]Annual revenue for 2009 reached US$1.8 billion with net profit hitting US$760 million, making it the most profitable Internet company in China .[5]As of November 2010, the company is the third largest Internet company in the world behind Google and Amazon with a market capitalization of US$38 billion.[6] QQ-branded credit cardTencent was founded by Ma Huateng and Zhang Zhidong  in November, 1998[7] as Tencent Inc,[8] with money from US venture capitalists.[9]Tencent Holding Ltd was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on June 16, 2004[8].Tencent  remained unprofitable for its first three years,[7] but by 2000 its OICQ messenger had 40 million registered users.South African Naspers purchased a 46% share of the company in 2001 (as of 2009, they own 35.04%).[11] It was during these early years that Tencent 's messenger product had its name changed to QQ, this was said to be due to a (apocryphal) lawsuit from ICQ itself.[7]Originally the company derived income solely from advertising and "premium" users of QQ, who pay monthly fees to receive added extras.[7] But by 2005, charging for use of QQ mobile, its cellular value-added service, and licensing its iconic penguin character, which can now be found on snack food[12] and clothing,[7] had become income generators.[7] And more recently, Tencent  has also seen profit from sale of virtual goods.[4][13][14][15]As of 2009, the company held 400 patents.[16]Tencent Holdings Ltd is incorporated in the Cayman Islands.[17]The name "Tencent" is derived from the Chinese phrase "十分". The first character 十 is the number 10. The second character 分 is a measurement that can be used to represent one cent, where one 分 is a one-hundredth subdivision of one yuan. The word 分  traditionally refers to 1/10 of something, and is used in common Chinese phrases like "十分" to describe 100%, perfection, or  "very". For example, "十分强大" would translate to "very powerful".However, the Chinese name for the company is not "十分". Instead, it is a loose transliteration of "Tencent".Tencent sells virtual goods[15] for use in their MMOs,[14] IM client, social networking sites,[18] and for mobile phones.[14][19] Income from the sale of virtual goods was a large proportion of Tencent 's revenue in 2009.[4][13][14] Tencent's online currency, Q Coins, can be used to purchase virtual goods.[20] These range from the offbeat, such as virtual pets,[21] and the virtual clothing, jewelry and cosmetics needed to customize online-game avatars,[22] to the more mundane, such as more storage space, wallpapers, bigger photo albums[18] and ring tones.[19]Tencent 's products and services span seven main business lines: IM services, Online Media, Mobile & Telecommunications Value-added Services, Interactive Entertainment Service, Internet Value-added Services and E-commerce and Online Advertising Service.[23] The below is an incomplete list, a more exhaustive list can be found here.